
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     14 
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
     
    
   
   
    
     1. 
     
    
   
   
    
     BOARD MATTERS (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     1.2 
     
    
   
   
    
     1.3 
     
    
   
   
    
     Board Composition and Guidance (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Board seeks to comply with Guideline 22 of the Code whereby independent directors should 
     
     make up at least half of the Board where (i) the Chairman of the Board and the CEO are immediate 
     
     family members; (ii) the Chairman is not an independent director; and (iii) the Chairman is part of the 
     
     management team Following the cessation of Mr Chan Teck Ee Vincent, Executive Director of the 
     
     Company on 31 August 2017, the Board had reviewed the Nominating Committee&#39;s recommendation of 
     
     Mr Mah How Soon (Ma Haoshun) (“Mr Mah) and is satisfied that his qualifications and experience will 
     
     enhance the composition of the Board and contribute positively to the Company. Mr Mah will be appointed 
     
     as an independent director of the Company at the forthcoming Annual General Meeting (subject to the 
     
     approval of shareholders), Please refer to the Notice of Annual General Meeting dated 5 October 2017 for 
     
     he resolution put forth on the proposed appointment of Mr Mah as a new independent director. Upon the 
     
     appointment of Mr Mah to the Board, the Company will be in compliance with Guideline 2.2 of the Code. 
     
    
   
   
    
     he Company has no Independent Directors who have served on the Board beyond nine years. 
     
    
   
   
    
     As and when required, the Independent Directors and NoniExecutive Director will hold meetings without 
     
     he presence of management and the Executive Directors, in order to facilitate a more effective check on 
     
     he management and/or the Executive Directors The Independent Directors and Non-Executive Director 
     
     have met without the presence of Management at least once in FY2017. 
     
    
   
   
    
     he Nominating Committee has reviewed and is also satisfied that the current Board comprises persons 
     
     who as a group possess an appropriate balance and diversity of skills, experience and capabilities 
     
     equired to lead and manage the Group effectively. 
     
    
   
   
    
     1 
     
    
   
   
    
     &#39;he Board is of the opinion that it would be most effective to draw on the experience from the longer 
     
     serving directors while concurrently taking progressive steps to review and consider opportunities to 
     
     refresh the Board as and when deemed required. 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     0 meet the changing challenges in the industries which the Group operates in, such reviews, which 
     
     includes considering factors such as the expertise, skills and perspectives which the Board needs against 
     
     existing competencies would be done on a regular basis to ensure the Board dynamics remain optimal. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
     
    
   
   
    
     Principle 3: There should be a clear division of responsibilities between the leadership of the 
     
     Board and the executives responsible for managing the Company’s business. No one individual 
     
     should represent a considerable concentration of power. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Mr Lee Koh Yong is the Executive Chairman of the Board, and is responsible for the workings of the Board 
     
     to ensure the effectiveness and integrity of the governance process. Mr Lee Cheng Ohye is the CEO, 
     
     who is responsible for the business and operational decisions of the Group The Executive Chairman and 
     
     the CEO are brothers. The Board is of the view that there is a clear division of responsibilities between 
     
     the Executive Chairman and the CEO in order to ensure that there is an appropriate balance of power, 
     
     increased accountability and sufficient capacity of the Board for independent decision making. 
     
    
   
  
 

