
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 15 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
     
    
   
   
    
     1. 
     
    
   
   
    
     BOARD MATTERS (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     1.3 
     
    
   
   
    
     1.4 
     
    
   
   
    
     Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     The CEO works with the Board to determine the strategy for the Group and is responsible for the Group’s 
     
     business performance The CEO also works with the senior management of the Group to ensure that the 
     
     senior management operates in accordance with the strategic and operational objectives of the Group 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Executive Chairman leads the Board to ensure its effectiveness on all aspects of its role, He approves 
     
     the meeting agendas for the Board, while the meeting agendas for Board Committees are approved by 
     
     the Executive Chairman together with the respective Chairpersons of the Board Committees, 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Executive Chairman also exercises control over the quality, quantity and timeliness of information 
     
     flow between the Board, the senior management and the shareholders of the Company. He encourages 
     
     interactions between the Board and the senior management, as well as between the Executive and 
     
     NoneExecutive Directors. The Executive Chairman also takes a leading role in ensuring the Company&#39;s 
     
     compliance with corporate governance guidelines. 
     
    
   
   
    
     In order to ensure good corporate governance practice and that there is no concentration of power and 
     
     authority vested in one individual, the Company has appointed Mr Ng Tiak Soon as the Lead Independent 
     
     Director. The Lead Independent Director will be available to the shareholders where they have concerns 
     
     which cannot be resolved through the normal channels of the Executive Chairman, the CEO or the 
     
     Financial Controller, or where such contact is not possible or inappropriate. The Lead Independent 
     
     Director makes himself available to shareholders at the Company’s general meetings. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Board Membership 
     
    
   
   
    
     Principle 4: There should be a formal and transparent process for the appointment and re- 
     
     appointment of Directors to the Board. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Nominating Committee 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Company has constituted a Nominating Committee which comprises Mr Ng Tial&lt; Soon (Chairman), 
     
     Mr Lee Cheng Chye and Mr Lye Hoong Yip Raymond, the majority of whom, including the Chairman, 
     
     are independent. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Under its terms of reference, the Nominating Committee is responsible for, inter alia, reviewing and 
     
     making recommendations to the Board on the Board‘s composition, evaluating the effectiveness of the 
     
     Board as a whole and the Board Committees. evaluating the contribution from each individual Director 
     
     to the effectiveness of the Board. making recommendations to the Board on all Board appointments, 
     
     overseeing the Company’s succession and leadership development plans and considering whether the 
     
     independence of Directors is compromised 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Board, through the delegation of its authority to the Nominating Committee, will use its best efforts 
     
     to ensure that Directors appointed to the Board possess the background, experience and knowledge 
     
     in technology, business, legal, finance and management skills critical to the Company’s business and 
     
     that each Director, with his/her special contributions, brings to the Board an independent and objective 
     
     perspective to enable balanced and well»considered decisions to be made. 
     
    
   
  
 

