
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     Notes: 
     
    
   
   
    
     1. Please insert the total number of shares held by you. If you have shares entered against your name in the Depository Register (as defined 
     
     tn Section 818F of the Securities and Futures Act (Cap 289) of Singapore). you shouid insert that number of shares. If you have shares 
     
     registered in your name in the Register of Members. you should insert that number of shares. If you have shares entered against your 
     
     name in the Deposnory Register and shares registered in your name in the Register of Members. you should insert the aggregate number 
     
     of shares entered against your name in the Depository Register and the Register of Members. if no number is inserted, the instrument 
     
     appotnting a proxy or proxies shail be deemed to relate to alt the shares held by you. 
     
    
   
   
    
     2. A member of the Company (other than a Retevant Intermediary’) entitled to attend and Vote at a meeting of the Company is entitled to 
     
     appomt not more than two prOXteS to attend and vote in his/her stead. A proxy need not be a member of the Company. 
     
    
   
   
    
     3. Where a member (other than a Relevant Intermediary’) appoints two proxtes, he/she shaH specify the percentage of shares to be 
     
     represented by each proxy and if no percentage is spectfied, the first named proxy shaH be deemed to represent 100% of the shareholding 
     
     and the second named proxy shall be deemed to be an atternate to the first named, 
     
    
   
   
    
     4. A Relevant intermediary may appoint more than two proxies, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached to a 
     
     different share or shares hetd by him (which number or ctass of shares shail be speciﬁed), 
     
    
   
   
    
     5. Subject to note 9, completion and return of this instrument appointing a proxy shalt not preclude a member from attending and voting 
     
     at the Meeting. Any appointment of a proxy or proxies shalt be deemed to be revoked it a member attends the meeting in person, and 
     
     in such event, the Company reserves the right to refuse to admit any person or persons appointed under the instrument of proxy to the 
     
     Meeting, 
     
    
   
   
    
     6. The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies together with the letter of power of attorney, if any, under which it is signed or a duty 
     
     certified copy thereof, must be deposned at the office of the Company‘s share registrar, Tncor Barbinder Share Registration Services 
     
     at 80 Robinson Road, #11-02, Singapore 068898 at least fourty»elght (48) hours before the time appointed for the Meeting. 
     
    
   
   
    
     7. The instrument appointing a proxy or proxies must be under the hand of the appointor or of his attorney duty authorised in writing. Where 
     
     the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies is executed by a corporation. it must be executed either under its seal or under the hand 
     
     of an officer or attorney duly authorised. 
     
    
   
   
    
     8. A corporation which is a Member may by resolution of its directors or other governing body authorise such person as it thinks fit to act 
     
     as its representative at the Meeting. in accordance with Section 179 of the Companies Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore. 
     
    
   
   
    
     9. An investor who holds shares under the Supplementan/ Retirement Scheme (“SRS Investors) may attend and cast his/her vote(s) at the 
     
     Meeting in person. SR8 tnvestors who are unable to attend the Meeting but woutd like to vote. may inform their SR8 Approved Nominees 
     
     to appoint the Chairman of the Meeting to act as their proxy, in which case, the SR8 Investors shall be precluded from attending the 
     
     Meeting. 
     
    
   
   
    
     10. The Company shatl be entitled to reject the instrument appointing a proxy or proxies if it is incomplete, improperly completed, iiiegible 
     
     or where the true intentions of the appointor are not ascertainabte from the instructions of the appointor specified in the instrument 
     
     appomting a proxy or proxies. In addition, in the case of Shares entered in the DepOSitory Register, the Company may reject any 
     
     instrument appointing a proxy or proxies lodged it the Member. being the appomtor, is not shown to have Shares entered against his 
     
     name in the DepOSitory Register as at seventy-two (72) hours before the time appomted for holding the Meeting, as certified by The 
     
     Central Depository (Pte) Limited to the Company 
     
    
   
   
    
     * A Retevant intermediary is: 
     
    
   
   
    
     (a) a banking corporation licensed under the Banking Act, Chapter 19 of Singapore or a wholly-owned subsidiary of such a banking 
     
     corporation, whose business includes the provision of nominee servtces and who hotds shares in that capacity; or 
     
    
   
   
    
     (b) a person holding a capital markets servtces iioense to provide custodiai servtces for securities under the Securities and Futures Act. 
     
     Chapter 289 of Singapore and who hoids shares in that capacity: or 
     
    
   
   
    
     (c) the Central Provident Fund Board (“CPF Board) established by the Central Provident Fund Act, Chapter 36 of Singapore, in respect of 
     
     shares purchased under the subsidiary legistation made under that Act provtding for the making of investments from the contributions 
     
     and Interest standing to the credit of members of the Centrat Provtdent Fund, if the OFF Board hotds those shares in the capacity of an 
     
     intermediary pursuant to or in accordance With that subsidiary tegislation. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Personal Data Privacy: 
     
    
   
   
    
     By submitting a proxy form appointing a pronyes) and/or representative(s) to attend, speak and vote at the annuat general meeting and/or 
     
     any adjournment thereof, a member of the Company (i) consents to the coHection, use and disclosure of the member’s personal data by the 
     
     Company (or its agents) for the purpose of the processing and administration by the Company (or its agents) of proxies and representatives 
     
     appointed for the annuat general meeting (including any adjournment thereof) and the preparation and compilation of the attendance lists, 
     
     minutes and other documents relating to the annuat generat meeting (inctuding any adjournment thereof), and in order for the Company (or its 
     
     agents) to comply with any appticabte laws, listing rules, regutations and/or guidetines (coltectivety, the “Purposes), (ii) warrants that where 
     
     the member discloses the personai data of the member’s proxy(ies) and/or representative(s) to the Company (or its agents). the member has 
     
     obtained the pnor consent of such proxyhes) and/or representativets) for the ooiiection. use and disclosure by the Company (or its agents) of 
     
     the personal data of such proxyhes) and/or representative(s) for the Purposes. and (iii) agrees that the member Wt” indemnify the Company in 
     
     respect of any penalties, tiabilities, ctaims, demands, losses and damages as a result of the member&#39;s breach of warranty. 
     
    
   
  
 

