
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     18 
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
     
    
   
   
    
     1. 
     
    
   
   
    
     BOARD MATTERS (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     1.4 
     
    
   
   
    
     1.5 
     
    
   
   
    
     Board Membership (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     Note: 
     
     (1) Mr Chan Teck Ee Vincent ceased as an Executive Director of the Company with effect from 31 August 2017. 
     
    
   
   
    
     (2) Logistics Holdings Limited has Changed its name to Boldtek Holdings Limited with effect from 11 August 2017. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Nominating Committee has reviewed the contribution by each Director taking into account their 
     
     listed company board representations and other principal commitments. The Nominating Committee and 
     
     the Board are of the view that, setting a maximum number of listed company board representations a 
     
     Director may hold is not meaningful, as long as Directors are able to devote sufficient time and attention 
     
     to the affairs of the Company. The Nominating Committee also does not wish to omit from consideration 
     
     outstanding individuals who, despite the demands on their time, have the capacity to participate and 
     
     contribute as members of the Board As such, the Board does not propose to set the maximum number 
     
     of listed company board representations which Directors may hold until such need arises. Notwithstanding 
     
     the number of listed company board representations and other principal commitments which some of 
     
     the Directors are holding, the Nominating Committee is of the view that sufficient time and attention to 
     
     the affairs of the Company has been given by these Directors and is satisfied that all Directors have 
     
     discharged their duties adequately in FY2017. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The considerations in assessing the capacity of Directors include the following: 
     
    
   
   
    
     0 Expected ahd/or competing time commitments of Directors, including whether such commitment 
     
     is a full-time or part-time employment capacity; 
     
    
   
   
    
     0 Geographical location of Directors; 
     
    

    
     - Size and composition of the Board; 
     
    

    
     - Nature and scope of the Group‘s operations and size; and 
     
    

    
     - Capacity, complexity and expectations of the other listed directorships and principle commitments 
     
     held. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Company does not have any alternate directors. 
     
     Board Performance 
     
    
   
   
    
     Principle 5: There should be a formal annual assessment of the effectiveness of the Board as 
     
     a whole and its board committees and the contribution by each director to the effectiveness 
     
     of the Board. 
     
    
   
   
    
     An annual review of the Board’s effectiveness as a whole and its Board Committees is conducted by 
     
     the Nominating Committee as well as the Board. The evaluation process is undertaken as an internal 
     
     exercise and involves Board members completing an evaluation form covering areas relating to a number 
     
     of factors, including the discharge of the Board functions, access to information. participation at Board 
     
     meetings and communication and guidance given by the Board to the Management. 
     
    
   
  
 

