
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 11 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Board of Directors (the “Board”) of 800 Super Holdings Limited (the “Company and together with its subsidiaries, 
     
     the ”Group) are committed to maintaining good corporate governance to enhance and safeguard the interest of its 
     
     shareholders. This report describes the corporate governance framework and practices of the Company with reference 
     
     to the revised Code of Corporate Governance 2012 (the “Code) and the disclosure guide developed by the Singapore 
     
     Exchange Securities Trading Limited (the “SGX—ST) in January 2015 (the “Guide) for the financiai year ended 30 June 
     
     2017 (“FY2017”). The Company has compiled with the principles and guidelines of the Code and the Guide where 
     
     appropriate. Explanations are provided where there are deviations from the Code and/or the Guide} 
     
    
   
   
    
     1. BOARD MATTERS 
     
    
   
   
    
     1.1 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Board’s Conduct of its Affairs 
     
    
   
   
    
     Principle 1: Every company should be headed by an effective Board to lead and control the 
     
     company. The Board is collectively responsible for the long-term success of the company. The 
     
     Board works with Management to achieve this objective and Management remains accountable 
     
     to the Board. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Apart from its statutory responsibilities, the principal functions of the Board encompass the following: 
     
    
   
   
    
     0 Providing stewardship to the Company including charting its corporate strategies and business 
     
     plans; 
     
    

    
     0 Monitoring management’s performance; 
     
    

    
     0 Establishing a framework for effective control; 
     
    

    
     0 Providing guidance and advice to management; 
     
    

    
     0 Being responsible for good corporate governance; and 
     
    

    
     0 Considering sustainability issues, including environmental and sociai factors, as part of the 
     
    
   
   
    
     Company’s strategic formulation. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Board’s decision or specific approval is also required on matters such as major funding proposals, 
     
     investment and divestment proposals, major acquisitions and disposals, corporate or financial 
     
     restructuring, mergers and acquisitions, share issuance and dividends, acceptance of bank facilities, 
     
     release of the Group&#39;s quarterly, half—yearly and tuII-year financial results announcements and interested 
     
     person transactions of a material nature. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Company’s Constitution permits the Directors of the Company to attend meetings through the use 
     
     of audio-visual communication equipment 
     
    
   
   
    
     In between the scheduled meetings, the Board may have informal discussions on matters requiring urgent 
     
     attention, which would then be formally confirmed and approved by circulating resolutions in writing. 
     
     Ad hoc Board meetings are also convened as and when they are deemed necessary in between the 
     
     scheduied meetings. 
     
    
   
  
 

