
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     16 
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
     
    
   
   
    
     1. 
     
    
   
   
    
     BOARD MATTERS (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     1.4 
     
    
   
   
    
     Board Membership (Continued) 
     
     The Nominating Committee will be responsible for the following: 
     
    
   
   
    
     (i) appointment and re-appointment of Directors having regard to the Director’s contribution and 
     
     performance; 
     
    
   
   
    
     (ii) determining annually whether or not a Director is independent; 
     
    
   
   
    
     (iii) deciding whether a Director is able to and has adequately carried out his duties as a director of 
     
     the Company, in particular, where the Director concerned has multiple board representations; 
     
    
   
   
    
     (iv) reviewing and approving any new employment of related persons and the proposed terms of their 
     
     employment; and 
     
    
   
   
    
     (v) deciding how the Board, its Board Committees and Directors’ performance is to be evaluated 
     
     and propose objective performance criteria, subject to the approval of the Board, which address 
     
     how the Board has enhanced long term shareholders’ value. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Board has implemented a process to be carried out by the Nominating Committee for assessing the 
     
     effectiveness of the Board as a whole and the Board Committees and for assessing the contribution by 
     
     each individual Director to the effectiveness of the Board. Each member of the Nominating Committee 
     
     shall abstain from voting on any resolution and making any recommendations and/or participating in 
     
     any deliberations of the Nominating Committee in respect of the assessment of his performance or re- 
     
     nomination as a Director. 
     
    
   
   
    
     For any new appointments of Directors, during the selection process, the Nominating Committee will 
     
     take into consideration the current Board size and its mix and determine if the candidate&#39;s background, 
     
     experience and knowledge will bolster the core competencies of the Board‘ The selected candidates must 
     
     also be a person of integrity and be prepared to commit time and attention to the Company’s affairs, 
     
     especially if he is serving on multiple boards. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Where a vacancy arises under any circumstances, or where it is considered that the Board could benefit 
     
     from the services of a new director with particular skills, the Nominating Committee, in consultation with 
     
     the Board, determines the selection criteria and selects candidates with the appropriate expertise and 
     
     experience for the position. The Nominating Committee will evaluate the capabilities of the candidates 
     
     in the area of academic and professional qualifications, knowledge and experiences in relation to the 
     
     business of the Group. For new appointment of Director(s), the Nominating Committee may tap on the 
     
     Directors&#39; or the management‘s personal contacts. networks and recommendations. The Nominating 
     
     Committee will then meet with the shortlisted candidates to assess their suitability prior to recommending 
     
     to the Board for approvalt 
     
    
   
   
    
     All Directors are subject to the provisions of Regulation 107 of the Company’s Constitution whereby one- 
     
     third of the Directors are required to retire and subject themselves to re-election by the shareholders at 
     
     each annual general meeting. Directors who are due for retirement are selected on the basis of rotation. 
     
    
   
  
 

