
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     12 
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
     
    
   
   
    
     1. 
     
    
   
   
    
     BOARD MATTERS (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     1.1 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     The Board’s Conduct of its Affairs (Continued 
     
     n FY2017, the number of Board and Board Committee meetings helc and the attendance of the Directors 
     
     were as follows: 
     
     Nominating Remuneration Audit 
     
     Board Committee Committee Committee 
     
     No of Meetings held 4 2 4 4 
     
     Name of Director No. of Meetings Attended 
     
     Mr Lee Koh Yong 4 2“) 4‘” 4‘” 
     
     Mr Lee Cheng Chye 4 2 4‘” 4“] 
     
     Mr Chan Teck Ee Vincentla 4 2“) 4W 4“] 
     
     Mr Ng Tiak Soon 4 2 4 4 
     
     My Lye Hoong Yip Raymond 4 2 4 4 
     
     Mr Foo Shiang Ping 4 2“) 4 4 
     
     Notes: 
     
     (1) Attendance at meetings that were held on a By Invitation” basis. 
     
     (2) Mr Chan Teck Ee Vincent ceased as an Executive Director of the Company with effect from Bl August 2017, 
     
    
   
   
    
     To assist the Board in the discharge of its responsibilities, the Board has delegated certain functions to 
     
     various committees, namely the Audit Committee, Nominating Committee and Remuneration Committee 
     
     (collectively, the “Board Committees). The Board Committees operate within clearly defined terms of 
     
     reference and operating procedures, which are reviewed on a regular basis. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Formal letters are issued to newly-appointed Directors upon their appointment, including details of their 
     
     duties and obligations as Directors. The Company provides orientation programmes for new Directors 
     
     where the Director would be briefed on the Group’s strategic direction, governance practices. business 
     
     and organisation structure as well as the expected duties of a director of a listed company. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Directors have been given briefings by the Management on the Group’s business activities and its 
     
     strategic directions to facilitate the effective discharge of their duties The Management will monitor new or 
     
     changes in laws, regulations and commercial developments and will keep the Board updated accordingly. 
     
     In addition, the external auditors will brief the directors at least annually to keep the directors updated 
     
     of changes to accounting standards and issues which have a direct impact on financial statements or 
     
     when necessary when these changes may be significant. 
     
    
   
  
 

