
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     26 
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
     
    
   
   
    
     3. 
     
    
   
   
    
     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT 
     
    
   
   
    
     3.1 
     
    
   
   
    
     3.2 
     
    
   
   
    
     Accountability 
     
    
   
   
    
     Principle 10: The Board should present a balanced and understandable assessment of the 
     
     company’s performance, position and prospects. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Board believes that it should conduct itself in ways that deliver maximum sustainable value to its 
     
     shareholders. Timely releases of the Group’s financial results and all significant information to shareholders 
     
     as well as the prompt fulfillment of statutory requirements are ways to maintain shareholder‘s confidence 
     
     and trust in the Board’s capability and integrity. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Currently, the Company releases quarterly, haIf-yearly and fulI-year results announcements pursuant to 
     
     the Catalist Rules. In this respect, the Board, with the assistance of the management, strives to provide 
     
     a balanced and understandable assessment of the Group&#39;s performance and position, The Board also 
     
     undertakes such effort with respect to other price sensitive public reports and reports to regulators, 
     
     where required. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The management is responsible to the Board and the Board itself is accountable to the shareholders 
     
     of the Company, The Directors and executive officers of the Group have each signed the respective 
     
     undertakings in the form set out in Appendix 7H 0f the SGX-ST Listing Manual Section B: Rules of Catalist. 
     
     to undertake to use their best endeavours to comply with the SGX-ST Rules of Catalist and to procure 
     
     that the Company shall so complyt The Board is provided with the management accounts of the Group’s 
     
     performance and position on a quarterly basis. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Risk Management and Internal Controls 
     
    
   
   
    
     Principle 11: The Board is responsible for the governance of risk. The Board should ensure that 
     
     Management maintains a sound system of risk management and internal controls to safeguard 
     
     shareholders’ interests and the company’s assets, and should determine the nature and extent 
     
     of the significant risks which the Board is willing to take in achieving its strategic objectives. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Board is responsible for the governance of risk of the Group and maintains a system of internal 
     
     controls and risk management to safeguard shareholders‘ interests and the Group&#39;s assets. The Board 
     
     notes that the system of internal controls and risk management established by the Group provides 
     
     reasonable, but not absolute, assurance that the Group will not be adversely affected by any event 
     
     that can be reasonably foreseen. Furthermore, the Board also acknowledges that no system of internal 
     
     controls and risk management can provide absolute assurance in this regard, or absolute assurance 
     
     against the occurrence of material errors, poor judgement in decision-making, human errors, losses, 
     
     fraud or other irregularities 
     
    
   
  
 

