
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 19 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
     
    
   
   
    
     1. 
     
    
   
   
    
     BOARD MATTERS (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     1.5 
     
    
   
   
    
     1.6 
     
    
   
   
    
     Board Performance (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     Each Director will assess the Board‘s performance as a whole and provide the feedback to the Nominating 
     
     Committee. A similar evaluation process is also conducted by each of the Board Committees and the 
     
     Board Committee members will evaluate the relevant Board Committee and provide feedback to the 
     
     Nominating Committee. In reviewing the Board’s effectiveness as a whole and the Board Committees, the 
     
     Nominating Committee will take into account the feedback from Board and Board Committee members as 
     
     well as the Director&#39;s individual skills and experience. A summary report will be compiled by the Chairman 
     
     of the Nominating Committee before submission to the Executive Chairman of the Board for analysis and 
     
     discussion with a view to implementing certain recommendations to further enhance the effectiveness 
     
     of the Board, A copy of the summary report is circulated to each Director for information and feedback. 
     
     The contribution of each individual Director to the effectiveness of the Board and Board Committee 
     
     is assessed individually and reviewed by the Chairman of the Nominating Committee. In assessing an 
     
     individual Director’s and Board Committee&#39;s performance, factors that are to be taken into consideration 
     
     include attendance at Board meetings and related activities, adequacy of preparing for board meetings, 
     
     contributions in specialist areas, generation of constructive ideas, and maintenance of independence. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Nominating Committee, having reviewed the overall performance of the Board and the Board 
     
     Committees in terms of its roles and responsibilities and the conduct of its affairs as a whole, and the 
     
     individual Director&#39;s performance, is of the view that the performance of the Board and each individual 
     
     Director has been satisfactory in FY2017. No external facilitator was used in the evaluation process in 
     
     FY2017. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Access to Information 
     
    
   
   
    
     Principle 6: In order to fulfill their responsibilities, directors should be provided with complete, 
     
     adequate and timely information prior to board meetings and on an on-going basis so as to 
     
     enable them to make informed decisions to discharge their duties and responsibilities. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Company recognises the importance of timely dissemination of relevant information which is timely, 
     
     accurate, complete and vital to the Directors in carrying out their duties. As such, the Directors expect 
     
     the management to report the Company‘s progress and drawbacks in meeting its strategic business 
     
     objectives or financial targets and other information relevant to the strategic issues encountered by the 
     
     Company in a timely and accurate manner. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Types of information which are provided by management to the Independent and Non-Executive Directors 
     
     include management accounts, internal income statement forecast, external and internal auditors‘ reports 
     
     and periodic updates on the Group‘s operations 
     
    
   
   
    
     Management recognises the importance of circulating information on a timely basis to ensure that the 
     
     Board has adequate time to review the materials to facilitate a constructive and effective discussion 
     
     during the scheduled meetings. As such, Management endeavours to circulate information for the Board 
     
     meetings at least 1 week period to the meetings to allow sufficient time for the Directors’ review. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Management will also on best endeavours, encrypt documents which bear material price sensitive 
     
     information when circulating documents electronically. 
     
    
   
  
 

