
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     PROFILE 
     
    
   
   
    
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     We are an established environmental services provider for both the public and private 
     
     sectors in Singapore. The Company&#39;s environmental services include waste management, 
     
     cleaning and conservancy and horticultural services. Our broad range of services allows 
     
     us to offer complete and comprehensive environmental solutions to our customers. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Our waste management services include residential, 
     
     commercial and industrial waste collection, as well as 
     
     recycling services. We are one of the four licensed public 
     
     waste collectors appointed by the National Environment 
     
     Agency (“NEA), We have also been re-awarded a public 
     
     waste collection contract for a period of 7 years and 
     
     9 months commencing from 1 January 2014 to provide waste 
     
     collection services for the residential and trade premises in 
     
     the Ang Mo Kio — Toa Payoh sector. This includes public 
     
     housing estates, shop houses, trade premises, landed 
     
     residential premises, as well as private apartments and 
     
     condominiums which have opted through NEA to engage 
     
     our services. 
     
    
   
   
    
     RECYCLING SERVICES 
     
    

    
     We also provide recycling services to complement our waste 
     
     collection services. From 1 January 2014, a centralised 
     
     recycling bin has been situated at every HDB block around 
     
     the estates for the convenience of residents. For landed 
     
     residential premises, a blue recycling bin has been provided 
     
     for residents to dispose their recyclables. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Our Material Recovery Facility is also NEA-approved and 
     
     weII-equipped to sort through paper and glass bottles, metal 
     
     cans, paper products, mostly plastics and other materials 
     
     that fall under the recyclable categow. These recyclable 
     
     materials are then separated, compacted and packed into 
     
     bales, which are then sold to local and overseas customers, 
     
     providing another source of income for the Group. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Our cleaning and conservancy services comprise integrated 
     
     public Cleaning services and contract Cleaning services. 
     
    
   
   
    
     INTEGRATED PUBLIC CLEANING SERVICES 
     
    

    
     In February and July 2014, we were awarded two contracts 
     
     to provide integrated public cleaning (IPC) services for the 
     
     Northwest and South-west region of Singapore for six (6) 
     
     years and seven (7) years respectively. The IPC contract 
     
     for the North-west of Singapore commenced on 1 April 
     
     2014 while the IPC contract for the South-west region of 
     
     Singapore commenced on 1 September 2014. Both IPC 
     
     contracts provide cleaning services which cover roads, 
     
     pedestrian thoroughfares, carparks, parks, drains, beaches, 
     
     shorelines and waterways. 
     
    
   
   
    
     CONTRACT CLEANiNG SERVICES 
     
    

    
     We clean external facades and interior of buildings as 
     
     part of our contract cleaning and conservancy services. 
     
     Our contract cleaning services are provided to residential, 
     
     commercial, industrial and institutional customers. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Our horticultural services include grass—cutting, planning and 
     
     maintenance of landscape and arboricultural services that 
     
     include the planting and pruning of trees and plants. These 
     
     services are provided to schools, commercial customers, 
     
     government departments and statutory bodies. 
     
    
   
  
 

