
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 27 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
     
    
   
   
    
     3. 
     
    
   
   
    
     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     3.2 
     
    
   
   
    
     Risk Management and Internal Controls (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     Risk 
     
    
   
   
    
     To assist the Board, the Board has formed a Risk Management Team, headed by the Non-Executive 
     
     and Non Independent Director, Mr Foo Shiahg Ping, to assess and review the Group&#39;s business and 
     
     operationai environment in order to identify areas of significant business, financial, operational, information 
     
     technology, legal and compliance risks, as well as appropriate measures to controi and mitigate these 
     
    
   
   
    
     risks. 
     
    
   
   
    
     (a) 
     
    
   
   
    
     (b) 
     
    
   
   
    
     (d) 
     
    
   
   
    
     Operational risks 
     
    
   
   
    
     Management regularly reviews and improves the Group’s business and operational activities to 
     
     identify areas of significant business risks as well as appropriate measures to control and mitigate 
     
     these risks. According to the scope of the terms of internal audit engagement, the Internal Auditor 
     
     wiil complement the role of the Risk Management Team by providing an independent perspective 
     
     on the controls that help to mitigate any operational risks. All significant matters identified by the 
     
     Management, Risk Management Team and the Internal Auditor will be highlighted to the Board 
     
     and the Audit Committee. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Compliance and legal risks 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Group recognises the risks associated with changes in laws and regulations and has reviewed 
     
     its business plans in light of legal and regulatory changes in the financial year. The Group will 
     
     continue to monitor legal and regulatory changes to keep abreast with developments that may 
     
     have an impact on its business and operations. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Financial risks 
     
    

    
     Management regularly identifies and reviews the financial risks applicabie to the Group. The 
     
     Group’s financial risk management is discussed under Note 81 of the Notes to the Financial 
     
     Statements, on pages 80 to 90 of the Annual Report. 
     
    

    
     Information technology risks 
     
    

    
     The Group recognises the risk especially in the domain of disaster recovery of IT systems. IT 
     
    
   
   
    
     security risk assessments are carried out on a regular basis and mitigation actions are documented 
     
     in a risk treatment plan. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Board is satisfied with the risk management practice in FY2017 and that risks identified have been 
     
     adequateiy addressed by the Group. 
     
    
   
  
 

