
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 21 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
     
    
   
   
    
     2. 
     
    
   
   
    
     REMUNERATION MATTERS (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     2.1 
     
    
   
   
    
     2.2 
     
    
   
   
    
     Procedures for Developing Remuneration Policies (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     (b) o perform an annual review of the remuneration of employees related to the Directors and 
     
     substantial shareholders of the Company to ensure that their remuneration packages are in line 
     
     with the staff remuneration guidelines and commensurate with their respective job scopes and 
     
     evel of responsibilities. The Remuneration Committee will also review and approve any bonuses, 
     
     pay increase and/or promotions for these employees; 
     
    
   
   
    
     (0) 0 review the remuneration package of senior management being the top 5 key management 
     
     personnel of the Company; 
     
    
   
   
    
     (d) 0 review and approve the overall compensation policy of the Company; 
     
    
   
   
    
     (e) 0 review and if necessary make changes to the salary structure and wage poiicies of the Company; 
     
     and 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     (f) 0 review and if necessary to make changes to the remuneration poiicy of the Company. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The recommendations of the Remuneration Committee on remuneration of Directors will be submitted 
     
     for endorsement by the entire Boardt 
     
    
   
   
    
     Each member of the Remuneration Committee shall abstain from voting on any resolutions and making 
     
     any recommendations in respect of his remuneration package. The overriding principle is that no Director 
     
     should be involved in deciding his own remuneration The Remuneration Committee has met to consider 
     
     and review the remuneration packages of the Executive Directors and key management personnel, 
     
     including those employees related to the Executive Directors and controlling sharehoiders of the Company, 
     
     No remuneration consultants were engaged by the Company in FY2017. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Level and Mix of Remuneration 
     
    
   
   
    
     Principle 8: The level and structure of remuneration should be aligned with the long-term 
     
     interest and risk policies of the company, and should be appropriate to attract, retain and 
     
     motivate (a) the directors to provide good stewardship of the company, and (b) key management 
     
     personnel to successfully manage the company. However, companies should avoid paying more 
     
     than is necessary for this purpose. 
     
    
   
   
    
     In setting remuneration packages, the Remuneration Committee will take into account remuneration and 
     
     employment conditions within the same industry and in comparable companies, as well as the Group&#39;s 
     
     relative performance and the performance of individual Directors. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Independent Directors and Non-Executive Director receive Directors’ fees. in accordance with their 
     
     contribution, taking into account factors such as effort, time spent, responsibilities of the Directors and 
     
     the need to pay competitive fees to attract, motivate and retain such Independent Directors and Non- 
     
     Executive Director. Directors’ fees are recommended by the Board for approvai by the shareholders at 
     
     the Company’s annual general meeting. 
     
    
   
  
 

