
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     02 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     STATEMENT 
     
    
   
   
    
     On behalf of the Board of Directors (the “Board”), I 
     
     am pleased to present the annual report of 800 Super 
     
     Holdings Limited (“800 Super or the “Company) and 
     
     its subsidiary corporations (collectively, the “Group”) 
     
     for the financial year ended 30 June 2017 (”FY2017”). 
     
     FY2017 has been another fruitful year for the Group as 
     
     we continued to record satisfactory performances despite 
     
     the challenging market conditions we faced. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Group reported a 0.3% growth in revenue from 
     
     S$156.4 million to S$156.9 million in FY2017, contributed 
     
     by the award of new contracts, notwithstanding the 
     
     completion of certain cleaning contracts Net profit 
     
     increased from S$16.7 million in FY2016 to S$17.1 
     
     million in FY2017, The improvement in the Group’s bottom 
     
     line was driven by improved operational efficiencies as 
     
     well as prudent cost control initiatives, which in turn 
     
     included better resource planning, waste minimisation and 
     
     reuse, innovative technology application and technology 
     
     upgrading, 
     
    
   
   
    
     Our financial position also remained strong with net asset 
     
     value per ordinary share increased by 15.5% from 39.4 
     
     Singapore cents in FY2016 to 45.5 Singapore cents in 
     
     FY2017. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Board is pleased to propose a tax exempt 
     
     one-tier final dividend of $2190.03 per ordinary share to 
     
     be approved at the forthcoming annual general meeting 
     
     of the Company, which brings the total dividend for 
     
     FY2017 to $580.04 per ordinary share. This represents 
     
     a 60% increase from the preceding financial year and a 
     
     continuation of dividend growth for our shareholders. 
     
    
   
   
    
     As we look foward to our next phase of development, we 
     
     have made a strategic move to diversify into downstream 
     
     waste treatment. The development of the Waste-to- 
     
     Energy (“WTE) plant at Tuas South is near completion 
     
    
   
   
    
     and is expected to operate by the end of 2017. When 
     
     operational, the WTE plant will supply green electricity to 
     
     the Group’s on—site operations located in the vicinity. We 
     
     have made capital commitments for the key equipments 
     
     relating to the sludge treatment facility. The construction 
     
     work is currently in progress and is targeted to complete 
     
     in the second quarter of 2018, The treatment facility on 
     
     its completion will treat and dispose sludge from water 
     
     reclamation plants operated by the Public Utilities Board, 
     
     thereby contributing to Singapore‘s efficiency for land use 
     
     and energy recovery. We believe that our downstream 
     
     waste treatment segment will provide the Group with 
     
     additional headroom for future growth. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Group continues to be committed in exploring and 
     
     pursuing viable growth opportunities, while managing 
     
     the risk exposure of our existing business vigilantly. We 
     
     believe that our strong financial position will enable us 
     
     to remain focused in pursuing strategic business and 
     
     investment opportunities. 
     
    
   
   
    
     On behalf of the Board, I would like to express my sincere 
     
     appreciation to our valued shareholders, customers, 
     
     business partners, bankers and suppliers for their 
     
     unwavering support, as well as our management team and 
     
     staff for their dedication and commitment. I look forward 
     
     for your continued support in years to come. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Yours sincerely, 
     
    
   
   
    
     Chairman 
     
    
   
  
 

