
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     30 
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
     
    
   
   
    
     3. 
     
    
   
   
    
     ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     3.3 
     
    
   
   
    
     Audit Committee (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     Apart from the above functions, the Audit Committee will also commission and review the findings of 
     
     internal investigations into matters where there is any suspected fraud or irregularity, or failure of internal 
     
     controls, or infringement of any law, rule or regulation which has or is likely to have a material impact 
     
     on the Group&#39;s operating results or financial position. The Audit Committee is authorised to obtain 
     
     independent professional advice if it deems necessary in the discharge of its responsibilities. Such 
     
     expenses are to be borne by the Group. Each member of the Audit Committee will abstain from reviewing 
     
     and deliberating 0r voting on that particular resolution in respect of matters in which he is interested. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Audit Committee has full access to the management and also full discretion to invite any Director or 
     
     key management to attend its meetings, and will be given reasonable resources to enable it to discharge 
     
     this function. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Audit Committee, having reviewed the scope and value of noneaudit services in relation to tax 
     
     services provided to the Group by the external auditor, Messrs Nexia TS Public Accounting Corporation, 
     
     is satisfied that the nature and extent of such services will not prejudice the independence and objectivity 
     
     of the external auditor. The Audit Committee has recommended to the Board the nomination of Messrs 
     
     Nexia TS Public Accounting Corporation for re-appointment as external auditor of the Company at the 
     
     forthcoming annual general meeting. The Company has complied with Rules 712 and 715 of the Catalist 
     
     Rules in relation to its external auditors. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The aggregate amount of fees paid to and accrued to the external auditors of the Company, for both 
     
     audit and non-audit services in FY2017 were approximately: 
     
    
   
   
    
     Audit fees: 83353500 
     
     Non-audit fees in relation to tax services: S$t4,800 
     
    
   
   
    
     Summary of the Audit Committee’s Activities 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Audit Committee has met with the external and internal auditors, without the presence of 
     
     management, in FY2017. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The principal activities of the Audit Committee during FY2017 were summarised as follows: 
     
    
   
   
    
     (a) Reviewed the quarterly, half-yearly and fulI-year financial statements, results announcements and 
     
     relevant compliance checklist, all announcements and related disclosures to shareholders before 
     
     submission to the Board for approval for the release on SGXNET; 
     
    
   
   
    
     (b) Reviewed the audit plan and audit report of the Company’s internal and external auditors and 
     
     ensure the adequacy of the Company’s system of accounting controls and the co-operation given 
     
     by Management to the external and internal auditors; 
     
    
   
  
 

