
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     34 
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
     
    
   
   
    
     4. 
     
    
   
   
    
     SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES (Continued) 
     
     4.3 Conduct of Shareholder Meetings (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     Information on general meetings is disseminated through notices in the annual report or circulars sent to 
     
     all shareholders. Notices of general meetings are also released via SGXNET and published in the local 
     
     newspapers, as well as posted on the Company‘s website. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Directors, including the Chairman of each Board and Board Committees are present to address 
     
     shareholders&#39; questions at the annual general meeting. The external auditor is also present to assist the 
     
     Directors to address shareholders’ queries, if necessary. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Company Secretary prepares minutes of the general meetings, which incorporate substantial 
     
     comments or queries from shareholders and responses from the Board and the Management. These 
     
     minutes would be made available to shareholders upon request. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Company maintains separate resolutions at general meetings on each substantially separate issue. 
     
     Each item of special business included in the notice of meetings will be accompanied by the relevant 
     
     explanatory notes, This is to enable the shareholders to understand the nature and effect of the proposed 
     
     resolutions. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Resolutions are put to vote by poll and the detailed results of the number of votes cast for and against 
     
     each resolution and the respective percentages are announced for each resolution} 
     
    
   
   
    
     ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
     
    
   
   
    
     5. 
     
    
   
   
    
     DEALING IN SECURITIES 
     
    
   
   
    
     In line with Rule 1204(19) of the Catalist Rules, the Company has adopted an internal code of conduct and 
     
     policy in relation to dealings in the Company’s securities that are applicable to the Directors and all its officers 
     
     The Directors and officers of the Company are not allowed to deal in the Company‘s shares during the period 
     
     commencing one (1) month before the announcement of the Company’s full year results and two (2) weeks 
     
     before the announcement of the first, second and third quarter financial results and ending on the date of the 
     
     announcement of the results, or when they are in possession of unpublished price-sensitive information of the 
     
     Group‘ In addition, the Directors and officers are discouraged from dealing in the Company’s shares on short- 
     
     term considerations, 
     
    
   
   
    
     Directors and officers are also expected to observe insider-trading laws at all times even when dealing with 
     
     securities within the permitted trading period. 
     
    
   
   
    
     MATERIAL CONTRACTS 
     
     There was no material contract entered into by the Company or its subsidiaries involving the interest of the 
     
    
   
   
    
     CEO, any Director, or controlling shareholder, which are either still subsisting at the end of FY2017 or if not 
     
     then subsisting, entered into since the end of the previous financial year. 
     
    
   
  
 

