
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     32 800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
     
    
   
   
    
     3. ACCOUNTABILITY AND AUDIT (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     3.4 
     
    
   
   
    
     Internal Audit 
     
    
   
   
    
     Principle 13: The company should establish an effective internal audit function that is adequately 
     
     resourced and independent of the activities it audits. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Board recognises the importance of maintaining an internal audit function to provide an independent 
     
     assurance over the soundness of the system of internal controls within the Group to safeguard 
     
     shareholders&#39; investments and the Company’s assets. The Audit Committee has the responsibility to 
     
     review the adequacy of the internal audit function annually, review the internal audit program and ensure 
     
     co-ordination between internal auditor, external auditor and management, and ensure that the internal 
     
     auditor meets or exceeds the standards set by nationally or internationally recognised professional bodies. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The internal audit function of the Group has been outsourced to KPMG Services Pte, Ltd, and their 
     
     primary line of reporting is to the Audit Committee. The objective of the internal audit function is to provide 
     
     an independent review on the adequacy and effectiveness of the Group‘s internal controls and provide 
     
     reasonable assurance to the Audit Committee on the Group‘s controls and governance processes. An 
     
     annual internal audit plan which entails the review of the effectiveness of the Group’s controls has been 
     
     developed by the internal auditor. The Audit Committee is satisfied that the internal auditor is adequately 
     
     qualified given that it is a member of the lnstitute of Internal Auditors and it adheres to the Standards for 
     
     Professional Practice of Internal Auditing laid down in the International Professional Practices Framework 
     
     issued by the Institute of Internal Auditor. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Audit Committee is also satisfied that the internal auditor has been adequately resourced and has 
     
     the appropriate standing within the Group, given inter alia, its involvement in certain AC meetings and 
     
     its unfettered access to all of the Group’s documents, records, properties and personnel, in order to 
     
     discharge its duties effectively, 
     
    
   
   
    
     4. SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
     
    
   
   
    
     4.1 
     
    
   
   
    
     Shareholder Rights 
     
    
   
   
    
     Principle 14: Companies should treat all shareholders fairly and equitably, and should recognise, 
     
     protect and facilitate the exercise of shareholders’ rights, and continually review and update 
     
     such governance arrangements. 
     
    
   
   
    
     All shareholders are treated fairly and equitably to facilitate their ownership rights. In line with the 
     
     continuing disclosure obligations of the Company pursuant to the Catalist Rules and the Companies 
     
     Act, Chapter 50 of Singapore, the Board’s policy is that all shareholders should be regularly informed 
     
     in a comprehensive manner and on a timely basis of all material developments that impact the Group. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Shareholders can vote in person or appoint not more than two (2) proxies to attend and vote on their 
     
     behalf at general meetings of shareholders. There is no provision in the Company’s Constitution that 
     
     limits the number of proxies for nominee companies. 
     
    
   
  
 

