
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 33 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     CORPORATE GOVERNANCE REPORT 
     
    
   
   
    
     4. 
     
    
   
   
    
     SHAREHOLDER RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     4.2 
     
    
   
   
    
     4.3 
     
    
   
   
    
     Communication With Shareholders 
     
    
   
   
    
     Principle 15: Companies should actively engage their shareholders and put in place an investor 
     
     relations policy to promote regular, effective and fair communication with shareholders. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Communication with shareholders is managed by the Board. Shareholders are kept abreast of the 
     
     Company‘s financial results and other material information concerning the Group through regular and 
     
     timely dlssemination of information via SGXNET. The Company’s announcements are also disseminated 
     
     via the corporate website at www.8003u9er.com.sg. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Company does not practise selective disclosure and price sensitive information is publicly released 
     
     on an immediate basis where required under the Catalist Rules. However, in the event that unpublished 
     
     material information is inadvertently disclosed to any selected person in the course of the Group&#39;s 
     
     interactions with the investing community, a media release or announcement will be released to the public 
     
     via SGXNET to disclose ahd/or address such material information. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Company welcomes the views of shareholders on matters affecting the Company, whether at 
     
     shareholders&#39; meetings or on an ad hoc basis. At shareholders’ meetings, shareholders are given the 
     
     opportunity to communicate their views and to ask the Directors and Management questions regarding 
     
     the Group. In addition, the Company has engaged SP Corporate Advisory to address any queries that 
     
     the investors. analysts, press or public might have on the Company’s affairs. The lnvestor relations team 
     
    
   
   
    
     can be reached at sgfoo@sgadvisory.com.sg. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Company does not have a fixed dividend policy. The form, frequency and amount of dividends 
     
     will depend on the Company’s earnings, general financial condition, results of operations, capital 
     
     requirements, cash flow, general business condition, development plans and other factors as the Directors 
     
     may deem appropriate. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Notwithstanding the above, the Company has been declaring dividends on an annual basis. Dividend 
     
     pay-outs are communicated to shareholders via the financial results announcement through SGXNET. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Company has proposed a tax-exempt one-tier final dividend of three (3) Singapore cents per ordinary 
     
     share for FY2017 for approval by shareholders at the forthcoming annual general meeting. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Conduct of Shareholder Meetings 
     
    
   
   
    
     Principle 16: Companies should encourage greater shareholder participation at annual general 
     
     meetings of shareholders, and allow shareholders the opportunity to communicate their views 
     
     on various matters affecting the Company. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The annual general meeting of the Company is a principal forum for dialogue and interaction with all 
     
     shareholders. The Board encourages shareholders to attend the Company’s general meetings to ensure 
     
     a greater level of shareholder participation and to meet with the Board and key management staff so as 
     
     to stay informed on the Group’s developments. Shareholders are invited at such meetings to put forth 
     
     any questions they may have on the motions to be debated and decided upon‘ 
     
    
   
  
 

