
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 41 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     INDEPENDENT AUDITOR’S REPORT 
     
    
   
   
    
     TO THE MEMBERS OF 800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
     Other Information 
     
    
   
   
    
     Management is responsible for the other information. The other information comprises the information included in the 
     
     annual report, but does not include the financial statements and our auditor’s report thereon 
     
    
   
   
    
     Our opinion on the ﬁnancial statements does not cover the other information and we do not express any form of 
     
     assurance conclusion thereon. 
     
    
   
   
    
     In connection with our audit of the financial statements, our responsibility is to read the other information and, in doing 
     
     so, consider whether the other information is materially inconsistent with the financial statements or our knowledge 
     
     obtained in the audit or otherwise appears to be materially misstated. If, based on the work we have performed, we 
     
     conclude that there is a material misstatement of this other information, we are required to report that fact, We have 
     
     nothing to report in this regard. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Responsibilities of Management and Directors for the Financial Statements 
     
    
   
   
    
     Management is responsible for the preparation of financial statements that give a true and fair view in accordance with 
     
     the provisions of the Act and FRSs, and for devising and maintaining a system of internal accounting controls sufficient 
     
     to provide a reasonable assurance that assets are safeguarded against loss from unauthorised use or disposition; and 
     
     transactions are properly authorised and that they are recorded as necessary to permit the preparation of true and fair 
     
     financial statements and to maintain accountability of assets 
     
    
   
   
    
     In preparing the financial statements. management is responsible for assessing the Group’s ability to continue as a going 
     
     concern, disclosing, as applicable. matters related to going concern and using the going concern basis of accounting 
     
     unless management either intends to liquidate the Group or to cease operations, or has no realistic alternative but to 
     
     do so. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The directors&#39; responsibilities include overseeing the Group’s financial reporting process 
     
     Auditor’s Responsibilities for the Audit of the Financial Statements 
     
    
   
   
    
     Our objectives are to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements as a whole are free from 
     
     material misstatement, whether due to fraud or error, and to issue an auditor‘s report that Includes our opinion. 
     
     Reasonable assurance is a high level of assurance, but is not a guarantee that an audit conducted in accordance with 
     
     SSAs will always detect a material misstatement when it exists. Misstatements can arise from fraud or error and are 
     
     considered material if, individually or in the aggregate, they could reasonably be expected to influence the economic 
     
     decisions of users taken on the basis of these financial statements. 
     
    
   
   
    
     As part of an audit in accordance with SSAs, we exercise professional judgement and maintain professional scepticism 
     
     throughout the audit. We also: 
     
    
   
   
    
     - Identify and assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to fraud or error, 
     
     design and perform audit procedures responsive to those risks, and obtain audit evidence that is sufficient and 
     
     appropriate to provide a basis for our opinion. The risk of not detecting a material misstatement resulting from 
     
     fraud is higher than for one resulting from error, as fraud may involve collusion, forgery, intentional omissions, 
     
     misrepresentations, or the override of internal controlt 
     
    
   
  
 

