
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     48 800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
     
    
   
   
    
     FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     These notes form an integral part of and should be read in conjunction with the accompanying financial statements, 
     
     1 Corporate information 
     
    
   
   
    
     800 Super Hoidings Limited (the “Company) is listed on the Catalist of the Singapore Exchange Securities 
     
     Trading Limited (“SGX-ST) and incorporated and domiciled in the Republic of Singapore. The registered office 
     
     and principal place of business is at 17A Senoko Way, Singapore 758056. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The principal activities of the Company are those of investment holding and management and administrative 
     
     support to its subsidiary corporations. The principal activities of the subsidiary corporations are disclosed in 
     
     Note 9 to the financial statements, 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Company‘s holding corporation is Yong Seong Investment Pte. Ltd. and it is incorporated in the Republic 
     
     of Singapore. 
     
    
   
   
    
     2 Significant accounting policies 
     
     2.1 Basis of preparation 
     
    
   
   
    
     These financial statements have been prepared in accordance with Singapore Financial Reporting 
     
     Standards (FRS) under the historical cost convention, except as disclosed in the accounting policies 
     
     below. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The financial statements are presented in Singapore Dollar (“SGD or “$) and all values in the tables are 
     
     rounded to the nearest thousand ($000) as indicated. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The preparation of financial statements in conformity with FRS requires management to exercise its 
     
     judgement in the process of applying the Group’s accounting policies. It also requires the use of certain 
     
     critical accounting estimates and assumptions. The areas involving a higher degree of judgement or 
     
     complexity, or areas where assumptions and estimates are significant to the financial statements, are 
     
     disclosed in Note 3, 
     
    
   
   
    
     Interpretations and amendments to published standards effective for the financial year 
     
     beginning on or after 1 July 2016 
     
    
   
   
    
     On 1 July 2016, the Group and the Company adopted the new or amended FRS and Interpretations of 
     
     FRS (”INT FRS) that are mandatory for application for the financial year. Changes to the Group’s and 
     
     the Company’s accounting policies have been made as required, in accordance with the transitional 
     
     provisions in the respective FRS and WT FRSt 
     
    
   
   
    
     The adoption of these new or amended FRS and INT FRS did not result in substantial changes to the 
     
     accounting policies of the Group and the Company and had no material effect on the amounts reported 
     
     for the current or prior financial years 
     
    
   
  
 

