
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 51 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
     
    
   
   
    
     FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     2 
     
    
   
   
    
     Significant accounting policies (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     2.4 
     
    
   
   
    
     Property, plant and equipment 
     
    
   
   
    
     (0 
     
    
   
   
    
     (/7) 
     
    
   
   
    
     (iii) 
     
    
   
   
    
     Measurement 
     
    
   
   
    
     Property, plant and equipment are initially recognised at cost and subsequently carried at cost 
     
     less accumulated depreciation and accumulated impairment losses. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The cost of an item of property, plant and equipment initially recognised includes its purchase 
     
     price and any costs that is directly attributable to bringing the asset to the location and condition 
     
     necessary for it to be capable of operating in the manner intended by management. Cost also 
     
     includes borrowings costs (refer to Note 2.15 on borrowing costs). 
     
    
   
   
    
     Depreciation 
     
    
   
   
    
     Depreciation is calculated using the straighteline method to allocate their depreciable amounts 
     
     over their estimated useful lives as follows: 
     
    
   
   
    
     Useful lives 
     
     Leasehold land over the lease terms of 22 — 23 years 
     
     Leasehold buildings and improvements over the lease terms of 5 — 45 years 
     
     Motor vehicles 5 — 10 years 
     
     Bins and containers 5 — 10 years 
     
     Machinery 3 — 10 years 
     
     Boat 10 years 
     
     Office equipment 3 years 
     
     Computers 3 years 
     
     Furniture and fittings 3 years 
     
    
   
   
    
     The residual values, estimated useful lives and depreciation method of property, plant and 
     
     equipment are reviewed, and adjusted as appropriate, at the end of each reporting period. The 
     
     effects of any revision are recognised in profit or loss when the changes arise. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Construction-in-progress represent the costs of property, plant and equipment under development. 
     
     When construction-in-progress are completed and are ready for their intended use, they are 
     
     recognised as property, plant and equipment and depreciated over their useful lives. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Fully depreciated property. plant and equipment are retained in the financial statements until they 
     
     are no longer in use 
     
    
   
   
    
     Subsequent expenditure 
     
    
   
   
    
     Subsequent expenditure relating to property, plant and equipment that has already been 
     
     recognised is added to the carrying amount of the asset only when it is probable that future 
     
     economic benefits associated with the item will flow to the entity and the cost of the item can 
     
     be measured reliably. All other repair and maintenance expenses are recognised in profit or loss 
     
     when incurred. 
     
    
   
  
 

