
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 49 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
     
    
   
   
    
     FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     2 
     
    
   
   
    
     Significant accounting policies (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     2.2 
     
    
   
   
    
     Group accounting 
     
    
   
   
    
     (a) 
     
    
   
   
    
     Subsidiary Corporations 
     
    
   
   
    
     (0 
     
    
   
   
    
     (ii) 
     
    
   
   
    
     Consolidation 
     
    
   
   
    
     Subsidiary corporations are all entities (including structured entities) over which the Group 
     
     has control. The Group controls an entity when the Group is exposed to, or has rights 
     
     to, variable returns from its involvement with the entity and has the ability to affect those 
     
     returns through its power over the entity. Subsidiary corporations are fully consolidated 
     
     from the date on which control is transferred to the Group. They are deconsolidated from 
     
     the date on that control ceases. 
     
    
   
   
    
     In preparing the consolidated financial statements, transactions, baiances and unrealised 
     
     gains on transactions between group entities are eliminated. Unreaiised losses are also 
     
     eliminated unless the transaction provides evidence of an impairment indicator of the asset 
     
     transferred. Accounting policies of subsidiary corporations have been changed where 
     
     necessary to ensure consistency with the policies adopted by the Group. 
     
    
   
   
    
     N0n»controlling interests comprise the portion of a subsidiary corporation’s net results 
     
     of operations and its net assets, which is attributable to the interests that are not owned 
     
     directly or indirectly by the equity holders of the Company They are shown separately 
     
     in the consolidated statement of comprehensive income, statement of changes in equity 
     
     and statement of financial position. Total comprehensive income is attributed to the non- 
     
     controlling interests based on their respective interests in a subsidiary corporation, even if 
     
     this results in the non-controlling interests having a deficit balance. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Acquisitions 
     
    
   
   
    
     The acquisition method of accounting is used to account for business combinations entered 
     
     into by the Group. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The consideration transferred for the acquisition of a subsidiary corporation or business 
     
     comprises the fair value of the assets transferred, the liabilities incurred and the equity 
     
     interests issued by the Group. The consideration transferred also inciudes any contingent 
     
     consideration arrangement and any pre—existing equity interest in the subsidiary corporation 
     
     measured at their fair values at the acquisition datet 
     
    
   
   
    
     Acquisition»related costs are expensed as incurredt 
     
    
   
   
    
     Identifiable assets acquired and liabilities and contingent liabilities assumed in a business 
     
     combination are. with limited exceptions, measured initially at their fair values at the 
     
     acquisition date. 
     
    
   
   
    
     On an acquisition»by-acquisition basis, the Group recognises any non-controlling interest in 
     
     the acquiree at the date of acquisition either at fair value or at the non-controlling interest’s 
     
     proportionate share of the acquiree’s identifiable net assets 
     
    
   
  
 

