
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     52 
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
     
    
   
   
    
     FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     2 
     
    
   
   
    
     Significant accounting policies (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     2.4 
     
    
   
   
    
     2.5 
     
    
   
   
    
     2.6 
     
    
   
   
    
     Property, plant and equipment (Continued) 
     
     (iv) Disposal 
     
    
   
   
    
     On disposal of an item of property, plant and equipment, the difference between the disposal 
     
     proceeds and its carrying amount is recognised in profit or loss within “other losses — net”. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Impairment of non-financial assets 
     
    
   
   
    
     Property, plant and equipment 
     
     Investments in subsidiary corporations 
     
    
   
   
    
     Property, plant and equipment and investments in subsidiary corporations are tested for impairment 
     
     whenever there is any objective evidence or indication that these assets may be impaired, 
     
    
   
   
    
     For the purpose of impairment testing, the recoverable amount (i.e. the higher of the fair value less cost 
     
     to sell and the valuevineuse) is determined on an individual asset basis unless the asset does not generate 
     
     cash infiows that are largely independent of those from other assets. If this is the case, the recoverable 
     
     amount is determined for the cash-generating units (“CGU”) to which the asset belongs. 
     
    
   
   
    
     If the recoverable amount of the asset (or CGU) is estimated to be less than its carrying amount, the 
     
     carrying amount of the asset (or CGU) is reduced to its recoverable amount. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The difference between the carrying amount and recoverable amount is recognised as an impairment 
     
     loss in profit or loss, 
     
    
   
   
    
     An impairment loss for an asset is reversed only if there has been a change in the estimates used to 
     
     determine the asset’s recoverable amount since the last impairment loss was recognised. The carrying 
     
     amount of this asset is increased to its revised recoverable amount, provided that this amount does not 
     
     exceed the carrying amount that would have been determined (net of any accumulated amortisation br 
     
     depreciation) had no impairment loss been recognised for the asset in prior years. 
     
    
   
   
    
     A reversal of impairment loss for an asset is recognised in profit or loss. 
     
    

    
     Financial assets 
     
    

    
     (a) Classiﬁcation 
     
     The Group classifies its financial assets in the following categories: loans and receivables and 
     
     availabIe-tor-sale. The classification depends on the nature of the asset and the purpose for 
     
    
   
   
    
     which the assets were acquired. Management determines the classification of its financial assets 
     
     at initial recognition. 
     
    
   
  
 

