
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     58 
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
     
    
   
   
    
     FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     2 
     
    
   
   
    
     Significant accounting policies (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     2.14 
     
    
   
   
    
     2.15 
     
    
   
   
    
     2.16 
     
    
   
   
    
     Employee compensation (Continued) 
     
     (b) Employee leave entitlement 
     
    
   
   
    
     Employee entitlements to annual leave are recognised when they accrue to employees. A provision 
     
     Ts made for the estimated liability for annual leave as a result of services rendered by employees 
     
     up to the end of the reporting period. 
     
    
   
   
    
     (0) Profit sharing and bonus plans 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Group recognises a liability and an expense for bonuses and profit-shartng. Profit sharing is 
     
     computed based on the Group’s audited consolidated profit before deducting income tax expense, 
     
     nonerecurring or oneeoff exceptional items, nonecontrolling interests of the Group and before paying 
     
     profit sharing. The Group recognises a provision when contractually obliged to pay or when there 
     
     is a past practice that has created a constructive obligation to pay. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Borrowing costs 
     
    
   
   
    
     Borrowing costs are recognised in profit or loss using the effective interest method except for those 
     
     costs that are directly attributable to the construction of properties and assets under construction. This 
     
     includes those costs on borrowings acquired specifically for the construction of properties and assets 
     
     under construction, as well as those in relation to general borrowings used to ﬁnance the construction 
     
     of properties and assets under construction. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The actual borrowing costs incurred during the period up to the issuance of the temporary occupation 
     
     permit less any investment income on temporary investment of these borrowings, are capitalised in 
     
     the cost of the property under construction. Borrowing costs on general borrowings are capitalised by 
     
     applying a capitalisation rate to construction or development expenditures that are financed by general 
     
     borrowings. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Currency translation 
     
    

    
     (a) Functional and presentation currency 
     
     Items included in the financial statements of each entity in the Group are measured using the 
     
     currency of the primary economic environment in which the entity operates (“functional currency”). 
     
    
   
   
    
     The financial statements are presented in Singapore Dollar, which is the functional currency of 
     
     the Company. 
     
    
   
  
 

