
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 53 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
     
    
   
   
    
     FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     2 
     
    
   
   
    
     Significant accounting policies (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     2.6 
     
    
   
   
    
     Financial assets (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     (a) 
     
    
   
   
    
     (b) 
     
    
   
   
    
     (0’) 
     
    
   
   
    
     Classiﬁcation (Continued) 
     
     (0 Loans and receivables 
     
    
   
   
    
     Loans and receivables are non—derivative financial assets with fixed or determinable 
     
     payments that are not quoted in an active market. They are presented as current assets, 
     
     except for those expected to be realised later than 12 months after the end of the reporting 
     
     period which are presented as non-current assets. Loans and receivables are presented 
     
     as “trade and other receivables (Note 5), ”other assets (Note 7) and “cash and cash 
     
     equivalents (Note 4) on the statements of financial position‘ 
     
    
   
   
    
     (if) Availableiforisa/e financ/a/ assets 
     
    
   
   
    
     Availableiforisale financial assets are honiderivatives that are either designated in this 
     
     category or not classified in any of the other categories. They are presented as nonicurrent 
     
     assets unless the investment matures or management intends to dispose of the assets 
     
     within 12 months after the end of the reporting period 
     
    
   
   
    
     Recognition and derecognit/on 
     
    
   
   
    
     Regular way purchases and sales of financial assets are recognised on trade date — the date on 
     
     which the Group commits to purchase or sell the asset. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Financial assets are derecognised when the rights to receive cash flows from the financial assets 
     
     have expired or have been transferred and the Group has transferred substantially all risks and 
     
     rewards of ownership. 
     
    
   
   
    
     On disposal of a financial asset, the difference between the carrying amount and the sale proceeds 
     
     is recognised in profit or loss. Any amount previously recognised in other comprehensive income 
     
     reiating to that asset is reclassified to profit or loss. 
     
    

    
     Initial measurement 
     
    

    
     Financial assets are initially recognised at fair value plus transaction costs. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Subsequent measurement 
     
    
   
   
    
     Available»for-sa|e financial assets are subsequently carried at fair value. Loans and receivables are 
     
     subsequently carried at amortised cost using the effective interest method. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Interest and dividend income on availabIe-for-sale financial assets are recognised separately in 
     
     income, Changes in the fair values of availabIe-for-sale equity securities (is. non-monetary items) 
     
     are recognised in other comprehensive income and accumulated in the fair value reserve, together 
     
     with the related currency translation differences. 
     
    
   
  
 

