
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 57 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
     
    
   
   
    
     FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     2 
     
    
   
   
    
     Significant accounting policies (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     2.13 
     
    
   
   
    
     2.14 
     
    
   
   
    
     Income taxes 
     
    
   
   
    
     Current income tax for current and prior periods is recognised at the amount expected to be paid 
     
     to or recovered from the tax authorities, using the tax rates and tax laws that have been enacted or 
     
     substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Deferred income tax is recognised for all temporary differences arising between the tax bases of assets 
     
     and liabilities and their carrying amounts in the financial statements except when the deferred income tax 
     
     arises from the initial recognition of an asset or liability in a transaction that is not a business combination 
     
     and affects neither accounting nor taxable profit or loss at the time of the transaction. 
     
    
   
   
    
     A deterred income tax liability is recognised on temporary differences arising on investments in subsidiary 
     
     corporations, except where the Group is able to control the timing of the reversal of the temporary 
     
     difference and it is probable that the temporary difference will not reverse in the foreseeable future. 
     
    
   
   
    
     A deferred income tax asset is recognised to the extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will 
     
     be available against which the deductible temporary differences and tax losses can be utilised. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Deferred income tax is measured: 
     
     (a) at the tax rates that are expected to apply when the related deferred income tax asset is realised 
     
     or the deferred income tax liability is settled, based on tax rates and tax laws that have been 
     
    
   
   
    
     enacted 0r substantively enacted by the end of the reporting period; and 
     
    
   
   
    
     (b) based on the tax consequence that will follow from the manner in which the Group expects, at the 
     
     end of the reporting period, to recover or settle the carrying amounts of its assets and liabilities. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Current and deferred income taxes are recognised as income or expense in profit or loss. 
     
     The Group accounts for investment tax credits (for example, productivity and innovative credit) similar 
     
     to accounting for other tax credits where deferred tax asset is recognised for unused tax credits to the 
     
     extent that it is probable that future taxable profit will be available against which the unused tax credit 
     
     can be utilised. 
     
     Employee compensation 
     
     Employee benefits are recognised as an expense, unless the cost qualifies to be capitalised as an asset. 
     
     (a) Defined contribution plans 
     
     Defined contribution plans are post-employment benefit plans under which the Group pays fixed 
     
     contributions into separate entities such as the Central Provident Fund on a mandatory. contractual 
     
    
   
   
    
     or voluntary basis. The Group has no further payment obligations once the contributions have 
     
     been paid. 
     
    
   
  
 

