
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     04 800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     DIRECTORS 
     
    
   
   
    
     EXECUTIVE CHAIRMAN 
     
    
   
   
    
     MR LEE KOH YONG is one of the co-founders of the 
     
     Group and was appointed to the Board as Executive 
     
     Chairman on 11 April 2011. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Mr Lee has accumulated extensive industry knowledge 
     
     and established wide business contacts over the 30 years 
     
     that he has been in the waste disposal and cleaning 
     
     industries. SeIf-taught, Mr Lee contributed significantly 
     
     to our Group during the early stage of our development 
     
     and is recognised for founding, leading and building up 
     
     our Group, 
     
    
   
   
    
     Mr Lee is responsible for setting the overall strategic 
     
     direction of our Group, Under his direction, our Group has 
     
     grown steadily since its inception as a waste management 
     
     solutions provider to a one-stop provider of waste and 
     
     environmental solutions by expanding into the cleaning, 
     
     recycling and horticulture industries 
     
    
   
   
    
     Mr Lee is currently a Director of Ang Mo Kio Joint Temple 
     
     Association Limited. 
     
    
   
   
    
     CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND 
     
     EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR 
     
    
   
   
    
     MR LEE CHENG CHYE is one of the co-founders of the 
     
     Group and was appointed to the Board as Chief Executive 
     
     Officer on 9 June 2011. Mr Lee is also a member of the 
     
     Nominating Committee of the Company 
     
    
   
   
    
     Mr Lee is involved in the corporate planning and business 
     
     development of our Group and has over 20 years of 
     
     experience in the waste management and cleaning 
     
     industries. He has been instrumental in our Group&#39;s 
     
     growth for the past years through securing new tenders 
     
     as well as understanding our existing customers’ needs, 
     
     by establishing constant contact with them, and keeping 
     
     up with the changing industry trends 
     
    
   
   
    
     Together with the other Executive Directors, he has been 
     
     spearheading the expansion and growth of our Group. 
     
    
   
   
    
     He is currently the treasurer for Bishan East Citizens 
     
     Consultative Committee and was conferred the Public 
     
     Service Medal (PBM) by the President of Singapore at the 
     
     2015 National Day Awards. 
     
    
   
   
    
     LEAD INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
     
    
   
   
    
     MR NG TIAK SOON was appointed as the Company&#39;s 
     
     Lead independent Director on 9 June 2011‘ He is the 
     
     Chairman of the Audit Committee and Nominating 
     
     Committee and is a member of the Remuneration 
     
     Committee of the Company. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Mr Ng retired in June 2005 as a senior partner of Ernst 
     
     &amp; Young LLP, Singapore, an accounting firm that he had 
     
     joined since 1986. and later, remained with Ernst &amp; Young 
     
     LLP, Singapore as a senior adviser until June 2008. 
     
    
   
   
    
     During Mr Ng’s employment with Ernst &amp; Young, 
     
     Singapore, he held various positions which included 
     
     head of banking, head of an audit group, partner-in- 
     
     charge of audit quality review and chief financial officer. 
     
     He is currently a non-practicing member of the institute 
     
     of Singapore Chartered Accountants, a member of the 
     
     Association of Chartered Certified Accountants, United 
     
     Kingdom as well as a member of the Singapore institute 
     
     of Directors Mr Ng also serves as an Independent 
     
     Director on the board of Eurosports Global Limited and 
     
     Parkson Retail Asia Limited, listed on the Catalist and the 
     
     Mainboard of the SGX»ST respectivelyt 
     
    
   
  
 

