
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 61 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
     
    
   
   
    
     FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     2 Significant accounting policies (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     2.21 
     
    
   
   
    
     Segment reporting 
     
    
   
   
    
     Operating segments are reported in a manner consistent with the internal reporting provided to the Board 
     
     of Directors who is responsible for allocating resources and assessing performance of the operating 
     
     segments. 
     
    
   
   
    
     2.22 Share capital 
     
     Ordinary shares are classified as equity. Incremental costs directly attributable to the issuance of new 
     
     ordinary shares are deducted against the share capital account. 
     
     2.23 Dividends to Company’s shareholders 
     
     Dividends to the Company’s shareholders are recognised when the dividends are approved for payment, 
     
     3 Critical accounting estimates, assumptions and judgements 
     
    
   
   
    
     Estimates, assumptions and judgements are continually evaluated and are based on historical experience and 
     
     other factors, including expectations of future events that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Critical accounting estimates and assumptions 
     
    
   
   
    
     (6) 
     
    
   
   
    
     Impairment of loans and receivables 
     
    
   
   
    
     Management reviews its loans and receivables for objective evidence of impairment at least quarterly, 
     
     Significant ﬁnancial difficulties of the debtor, the probability that the debtor will enter bankruptcy, and 
     
     default or significant delay in payments are considered objective evidence that a receivable is impaired. 
     
     In determining this, management has made judgement as to whether there is observable data indicating 
     
     that there has been a significant change in the payment ability of the debtor, or whether there have been 
     
     significant changes with adverse effect in the technological, market, economic or legal environment in 
     
     which the debtor operates in. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Where there is objective evidence of impairment, management has made judgements as to whether an 
     
     impairment loss should be recorded as an expense. In determining this, management has used estimates 
     
     based on historical loss experience for assets with similar credit risk characteristics. The methodology 
     
     and assumptions used for estimating both the amount and timing of future cash flows are reviewed 
     
     regularly to reduce any differences between the estimated loss and actual loss experience. Management 
     
     has made adequate allowances for impairment of trade receivables of $64,000 (2016: $64,000) (Note 
     
     31(b)(ii)) as at 30 June 2017. 
     
    
   
   
    
     If the net present values of estimated cash flows decrease by 10% from management’s estimates for all 
     
     past due but not impaired loans and receivables. the Group’s allowance for impairment will increase by 
     
    
   
   
    
     $261,000 (2016: $478,000). 
     
    
   
   
    
     The carrying amount of trade receivables is disclosed in Note 5 to the financial statements. 
     
    
   
  
 

