
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     NON-EXECUTIVE AND 
     
     NON-INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
     
    
   
   
    
     MR FOO SHIANG PING was appointed as the Company&#39;s 
     
     Non-Executive and N0n»|ndependent Director on 9 June 
     
     2011. He is also a member of both the Audit Committee 
     
     and the Remuneration Committee of the Company. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Mr Foo is the Founder and Principal Consultant 
     
     of SP Corporate Advisory, a boutique corporate 
     
     restructuring and merger and acquisition (“M&amp;A) 
     
     advisory firm based in Singapore With more than 20 
     
     years of corporate advisory experience, Mr Foo is primarily 
     
     involved in dealings with initial public offerings, M&amp;A, 
     
     corporate restructuring transactions and fund-raising 
     
     activities. Mr F00 is currently a member of the Singapore 
     
     Institute of Directors, He also serves as the Non-Executive 
     
     Director of Boldtek Holdings Limited, a company listed on 
     
     Catalist board of the SGX»STA 
     
    
   
   
    
     Mr Foo holds a Bachelor in Business Economics (with 
     
     Distinction) from Brock University in Canada, he also 
     
     serves as the Vice-President of Foo Clan Association and 
     
     as the Treasurer of Geylang East Home for the Aged. 
     
    
   
   
    
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     INDEPENDENT DIRECTOR 
     
    
   
   
    
     MR LYE HOONG YIP RAYMOND was appointed as 
     
     the Company’s Independent Director on 9 June 2011. 
     
     He is the Chairman of the Remuneration Committee 
     
     and a member of the Audit Committee and Nominating 
     
     Committee of the Company, 
     
    
   
   
    
     Mr Lye holds a Bachelor of Laws (Hons) from the National 
     
     University of Singapore and has been in legal practice 
     
     since 1990. n January 2014, he founded Union Law LLP 
     
     and become its managing partner. He was an Executive 
     
     Director of CitiLegal LLC from April 2010 to December 
     
     2013. Prior 0 that, Mr Lye served as a Magistrate and 
     
     Deputy Registrar before going into private practice. 
     
    
   
   
    
     -lis areas 0 expertise are civil and criminal litigation, 
     
     corporate and commercial work, building and construction 
     
     aw, family law and intellectual property rights. He is a 
     
     Zellow of the Singapore Institute of Arbitrators and an 
     
     arbitrator witw the Law Society Arbitration Scheme. 
     
    
   
   
    
     -le is also ac ive in community and public service Mr Lye is 
     
     currently the Chairman of the English Programme Advisow 
     
     Committee 0 the Infocomm Media Development Authority 
     
     and a member of the Strata Titles Board He is also a 
     
     Resource Panel member of the Government Parliamentary 
     
     Committee on Defence and Foreign Affairs, and the 
     
     Chairman 0 the Punggol East Citizens Consultative 
     
     Committee. He was conferred the Public Service Medal 
     
     (PBM) and the Public Service Star (BBM) by the President 
     
     of Singapore at the 1998 and 2008 National Day Awards 
     
     respectively. 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     Mr Lye also serves as an Independent Director on the 
     
     board of Goodland Group Limited and 800 Kee Group 
     
     Ltd, listed on the Mainboard and the Catalist board of the 
     
     SGX-ST respectively. 
     
    
   
  
 

