
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     60 800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
     
    
   
   
    
     FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     2 Significant accounting policies (Continued) 
     
     2.18 Leases 
     
    
   
   
    
     The Group leases motor vehicles, bins and containers and machinery under ﬁnance leases, and land, 
     
     premises and machinery under operating leases from non-related parties. 
     
    
   
   
    
     {0 Lessee — Finance leases 
     
    
   
   
    
     Leases where the Group assumes substantially all risks and rewards incidental to ownership of 
     
     the leased assets are classified as finance leases. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The leased assets and the corresponding lease liabilities (net of finance charges) under finance 
     
     leases are recognised in the statement of financial position as property, plant and equipment and 
     
     finance lease liabilities respectively, at the inception of the leases based on the lower of the fair 
     
     value of the leased assets and the present value of the minimum lease payments. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Each lease payment is apportioned between the finance expense and the reduction of the 
     
     outstanding lease liability. The finance expense is recognised in profit or loss on a basis that 
     
     reflects a constant periodic rate of interest on the finance lease liability. 
     
    
   
   
    
     (i1) Lessee — Operating leases 
     
    
   
   
    
     Leases where substantially all risks and rewards incidental to ownership are retained by the lessor 
     
     are classified as operating leases. Payments made under operating leases (net of any incentives 
     
     received from the lessors) are recognised in profit or loss on a straight-Iine basis over the period 
     
     of the lease. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Contingent rents are recognised as an expense to profit or loss when Incurred. 
     
     2.19 Government grants 
     
    
   
   
    
     Grants from the government are recognised as a receivable at their fair value when there is reasonable 
     
     assurance that the grant will be received and the Group will comply with all the attached conditions. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Government grants receivable are either recognised as income over the periods necessary to match them 
     
     with the related costs which they are intended to compensate, on a systematic basis or offset against 
     
     the related expenses in profit or loss. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Government grants relating to assets are deducted against the carrying amount of the assets 
     
     2.20 Inventories 
     
    
   
   
    
     Inventories are carried at the lower of cost and net realisable value Cost is determined using the weighted 
     
     average method. The cost of finished goods and work-in-progress comprises raw materials, direct labour, 
     
     other direct costs and related production overheads (based on normal operating capacity) but excludes 
     
     borrowing costs. Net realisable value is the estimated selling price in the ordinary course of business, 
     
     less the estimated costs of completion and applicable variable selling expenses. 
     
    
   
  
 

