
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     06 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     OFFICERS 
     
    
   
   
    
     OPERATIONS DIRECTOR 
     
    
   
   
    
     MR LIM KIM TAT joined our Group in August 2010 where 
     
     he oversees our Group‘s cleaning operations. He is a 
     
     veteran in the cleaning industry with more than 30 years 
     
     of experience. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Mr Lim was promoted to the position of Operations 
     
     Director in February 2012 and is responsible for the 
     
     day-to-day operational and business development 
     
     activities of the Group‘s cleaning operations. He plays 
     
     an instrumental role in the preparation of proposals and 
     
     tender submission for cleaning projectst 
     
    
   
   
    
     SENIOR OPERATIONS MANAGER 
     
    
   
   
    
     MR JASON TAN TZYY SHYONG joined our Group 
     
     in March 2015 as senior operations manager tasked 
     
     to oversee the Group’s Integrated Public Cleaning 
     
     operations. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Mr Tan’s professional experience spans vastly across 
     
     Southeast Asia to North America where he previously 
     
     resided in America and contributed professionally to 
     
     American corporations for 12 years. He has since 
     
     garnered years of experience in building corporate 
     
     business systems, technology integration, operation 
     
     modernisation and business development in a multitude 
     
     of industries such as oil petrochemical, marine, mortgage 
     
     banking, data centres, 24hr technical support centres, 
     
     telecommunication, automobile and service related 
     
     industry. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Mr Tan graduated with a Bachelor of Science in 
     
     Engineering from Arizona State University, USA in 1999. 
     
     He is also active in community and public service, 
     
     currently serving on many grassroots committees and 
     
     associations, Mr Tan’s resourcefulness and innovative 
     
     spirit displayed during grassroots events has won him the 
     
     Prime Minister Community Initiatives Award, among many 
     
     other community recognitions conferred. 
     
    
   
   
    
     PROJECTS MANAGER 
     
    
   
   
    
     MR LEE CHUAN HENG oversees the entire tender 
     
     process, including sourcing for tenders, appointing 
     
     proposal teams, carrying out proposal evaluations 
     
     and preparing proposal submissions and the delivery 
     
     of presentations to invitees of tenders. In addition, 
     
     Mr Lee also oversees all matters related to technology, 
     
     technical consultation on technical issues and technical 
     
     management of projects. Mr Lee has also been the 
     
     management representative of our Group’s quality and 
     
     environmental management system, responsible for 
     
     our Group’s quality control procedures and continued 
     
     compliance with quality standards 
     
    
   
   
    
     Mr Lee holds a Diploma in Electronic and Computer 
     
     Engineering from Ngee Ann Polytechnic. 
     
    
   
   
    
     ADMINISTRATIVE &amp; HUMAN RESOURCES MANAGER 
     
    
   
   
    
     MS LEE KIM ENG oversees our Group’s human resource 
     
     management and administration matters. Prior to joining 
     
     our Group in April 1995, Ms Lee had more than 8 years of 
     
     experience in quantity surveying with various companies 
     
    
   
   
    
     Ms Lee holds a Diploma in Quantity Surveying from 
     
     Singapore Polytechnic. 
     
    
   
   
    
     GROUP FINANCIAL CONTROLLER 
     
    
   
   
    
     MR AU CHEE CHEONG joined our Group in July 2015 as 
     
     the Group Financial Controllert He oversees the financial 
     
     reporting, internal controls, treasury functions and taxation 
     
     matters of our Group and also ensures our Group‘s 
     
     compliance with the SGX»ST rules and regulations He 
     
     has over 18 years of experience in the accounting and 
     
     finance fields. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Mr Au graduated with a Bachelor of Accountancy 
     
     (Honours) from the Nanyang Technological University of 
     
     Singapore and is a Chartered Accountant of the Institute 
     
     of Singapore Chartered Accountants. 
     
    
   
  
 

