
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 91 
     
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
     
    
   
   
    
     FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     33 
     
    
   
   
    
     New or revised accounting standards and interpretations (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     E ective for annual periods beqinning on or after 1 January 2019 
     
     - FRS 116 Leases Illustrative Examples &amp; Amendments to Guidance on Other Standards 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     E fective date of this Amendment had been revised from 1 January 2016 to a date to be determined by the ASC 
     
     - Amendments to FRS 110 and FRS 28 Sale or Contribution of Assets between as Investor and its Associate 
     
     or Joint Venture 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     Twe directors do not anticipate that the adoption of the above FRSS, INT PBS and amendments to FRS in future 
     
     financial periods will have a material impact on the financial statement of the Group and the Company except 
     
     for the followings: 
     
    
   
   
    
     F%S 109 Financial Instruments 
     
    
   
   
    
     Tie complete version of FRS 109 replaces most of the guidance in FRS 89. FRS 109 retains the mixed 
     
     measurement model and establishes three primary measurement categories for financial assets: amortised 
     
     cost, fair value through Other Comprehensive Income (“OCI”) and fair value through Profit or Loss, The basis 
     
     0 classification depends on the entity&#39;s business model and the contractual cash flow characteristics of the 
     
     financial asset. Investment in equity instruments are required to be measured at fair value through profit or loss 
     
     with the irrevocable option at inception to present changes in fair value in OClt 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     While the Group has yet to undertake a detailed assessment of the classification and measurement of financial 
     
     assets, the financial assets of the Group would appear to satisfy the conditions for classification as amortised 
     
     cost and hence there will be no change to the accounting for these assets. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Accordingly, the Group does not expect the new guidance to have a significant impact on the classification of 
     
     its financial assets. 
     
    
   
   
    
     For financial liabilities, there were no changes to classiﬁcation and measurement except for the recognition of 
     
     changes in own credit risk in OCI, for liabilities designed at fair value through profit or loss. There will be no 
     
     impact on the Group’s accounting for financial liabilities as the Group does not have any such liabilities. 
     
    
   
   
    
     FRS 109 relaxes the requirements for hedge effectiveness by replacing the bright line hedge effectiveness tests. 
     
     It requires an economic relationship between the hedged item and hedging instrument and for the ‘hedged ratio’ 
     
     to be the same as the one management actually use for risk management purposes. There will be no impact 
     
     on the Group’s accounting as the Group does not have any such hedging instrument. 
     
    
   
   
    
     There is now a new expected credit losses model that replaces the incurred loss impairment model used in 
     
     FRS 89. It applies to financial assets classified at amortised cost, debt instruments measured at fair value 
     
     through OCI, contract assets under FRS 115 Revenue from contracts with customers, lease receivables. loan 
     
     commitments and certain financial guarantee contracts. While the Group has not yet undertaken a detailed 
     
     assessment on how its impairment provisions would be affected by the new model, it may result in an earlier 
     
     recognition of credit losses. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The new standard also introduces expanded disclosure requirements and changes in presentation. These are 
     
     expected to change the nature and extent of the Group’s disclosures about its financial instruments particularly 
     
     in the financial year of the adoption of the new standard. 
     
    
   
  
 

