
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     98 
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     NOTICE OF ANNUAL GENERAL MEETING 
     
    
   
   
    
     Explanatory Notes: 
     
    
   
   
    
     0) 
     
    
   
   
    
     (ii) 
     
    
   
   
    
     (iii) 
     
    
   
   
    
     (iV) 
     
    
   
   
    
     If re-elected under Resolution 4 set out in item 4 above, Mr Ng Tiak Soon will remain as the Lead Independent Director, Chairman 
     
     of the Audit Committee and a member ofthe Nominating Committee and Remuneration Committee. Please refer to the section 
     
     “Board of Directors” in the annuai report 2017 for information on Mr Ng Tiak Soon, The Board considers Mr Ng Tiak Soon to 
     
     be independent pursuant to Ruie 704(7) of the Rules of Cateiist, 
     
    
   
   
    
     If re-elected under Resoiution 5 set out in item 5 above, Mr Lye Hoong Yip Raymond wiIi remain as an Independent Director, 
     
     Chairman of the Remuneration Committee and a member of the Audit Committee and Nominating Committee. Piease refer to 
     
     the section “Board of Directors” in the annuai report 2017 for information on Mr Lye Hoong Yip Raymond. The Board considers 
     
     Mr Lye Hoong Yip Raymond to be independent pursuant to Rule 704(7) of the Rules of Catalist. 
     
    
   
   
    
     If appointed under Resoiution 7 set out in item 7 above, Mr Mah How Soon (Ma Haoshun) will become an Independent Director, 
     
     Chairman of Nominating Committee and a member of the Audit Committee and Remuneration Committee. The Board considers 
     
     Mr Mah How Soon to be independent pursuant to Rule 704(7) of the Ruies of Catalist. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Resolution 8 set out in item 9 above, if passed, wiil empower the Directors from the date of this AGM until the date of the next 
     
     annual general meeting or the date by which the next annual general meeting is required by iaw to be heid or such authority 
     
     is revoked or varied by the Company in a general meeting, whichever is earlier, to aliot and issue Shares and/or convertibie 
     
     securities in the Company. The aggregate number of Shares and/or convertible securities which the Directors may allot and 
     
     issue under this Resolution shali not exceed one hundred percent (100%) of the total number of issued Shares exciuding 
     
     treasury shares and subsidiary holdings at the time of passing this Resolution 8, of which the aggregate number of Shares 
     
     and/or convertible securities to be issued other than on a proerata basis to ail shareholders of the Company shail not exceed 
     
     fifty percent (50%) of the total number of issued Shares excluding treasury shares and subsidian/ holdings at the time of passing 
     
     this Resoiution 8. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Notes: 
     
    
   
   
    
     0) 
     
    
   
   
    
     (ii) 
     
    
   
   
    
     (iii) 
     
    
   
   
    
     (Vi) 
     
    
   
   
    
     (vii) 
     
    
   
   
    
     A Member (other than a Reieyant Intermediary’) entitled to attend and vote at the AGM is entitled to appoint not more than two 
     
     (2) proxies to attend and vote in his/her stead. A proxy need not be a Member of the Company. 
     
    
   
   
    
     A Relevant ihtermediary‘ may appoint more than two proxies, but each proxy must be appointed to exercise the rights attached 
     
     to a different share or shares held by him/her (which number and Ciass of shares shall be specified). 
     
    
   
   
    
     Where a member appoints two proxies, he/she/it shail speCify the proportion of his/her/its shareholding to be represented by 
     
     each proxy in the instrument appointing the proxies. If no percentage is specified, the first named proxy shall be deemed to 
     
     represent one hundred percent (100%) of his/her sharehoiding and the second named proxy shali be deemed to be an alternate 
     
     to the first named 
     
    
   
   
    
     A corporation which is a member may authorise by resoiution of its directors or other governing body such person as it thinks 
     
     fit to act as its representative at the AGM, in accordance with Section 179 of the Companies Act. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The instrument appointing a proxy must be deposited at the office of the Company’s share registrar, Tricor Barbinder Share 
     
     Registration Services at 80 Robinson Road, #11-02, Singapore 068898 at ieast forty-eight (48) hours before the time fixed for 
     
     the hoiding of the AGM. 
     
    
   
   
    
     A Depositor‘s name must appear in the Depository Register maintained by the Central Depository (Pte) Limited at least seventy- 
     
     two (72) hours before the time fixed for the hoiding of the AGM or any postponement or adjournment thereof, in order for the 
     
     Depositor to attend and vote at the AGM. 
     
    
   
   
    
     An investor who holds shares under the Supplementary Retirement Scheme (“SR5 Investors) may attend and cast his/her 
     
     vote(s) at the AGM in person. SR8 Investors who are unable to attend the AGM but would like to vote, may inform their SR8 
     
     Approved Nominees to appoint the Chairman of the AGM to act as their proxy, in which case, the SR8 Investors shail be 
     
     precluded from attending the AGM. 
     
    
   
  
 

