
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Transitional//EN"
    "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-transitional.dtd">

 
  

  
  


  
   
    
     92 
     
    
   
   
    
     800 SUPER HOLDINGS LIMITED 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     ANNUAL REPORT 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     NOTES TO THE FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
     
    
   
   
    
     FOR THE FINANCIAL YEAR ENDED 30 JUNE 2017 
     
    
   
   
    
     33 
     
    
   
   
    
     New or revised accounting standards and interpretations (Continued) 
     
    
   
   
    
     FRS 115 Revenue from Contracts and Customers 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     This is the converged standard on revenue recognition. It replaces FRS11 Construction contracts, 
     
     FRS 18 Revenue, and related interpretations. Revenue is recognised when a customer obtains control of a good 
     
     or service A customer obtains control when it has the ability to direct the use of and obtain the benefits from 
     
     the good or service. The core principle of FRS 115 is that an entity recognises revenue to depict the transfer 
     
     of promised goods or services to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the entity 
     
     expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services. An entity recognises revenue in accordance 
     
     with that core principle by applying the following steps: 
     
    
   
   
    
     — Step 1: Identify the contract(s) with a customer 
     
     — Step 2: Identify the performance obligations in the contract 
     
    
   
   
    
     7 Step 8: Determine the transaction price 
     
     7 Step 4: Allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract 
     
     7 Step 5: Recognise revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation 
     
    
   
   
    
     FRS 115 also includes a cohesive set of disclosure requirements that will result in an entity providing users of 
     
     financial statements with comprehensive information about the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue 
     
     and cash flows arising from the entity’s contracts with customers. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Management is currently assessing the effects of applying the new standard on the Group&#39;s financial statements 
     
    
   
   
    
     FRS 116 Leases Illustrative Examples &amp; Amendments to Guidance on Other Standards 
     
    
   
   
    
       
     
    
   
   
    
     FRS 116 will result in almost all leases being recognised on the balance sheet, as the distinction between 
     
     operating and finance leases is removed. Under the new standard, an asset (the right to use the leased item) 
     
     and a financial liability to pay rentals are recognised. The only exceptions are short-term and Iow-value leases. 
     
     The accounting for lessors will not change significantly. 
     
    
   
   
    
     The standard will affect primarily the accounting for the Group’s operating leases. As at 30 June 2017, the 
     
     Group has non-cancellable operating lease commitments of $8,783,000 (Note 28(b)). However, the Group has 
     
     yet to determine to what extent these commitments will result in the recognition of an asset and a liability for 
     
     future payments and how this will affect the Group’s profit and classification of cash flows. 
     
    
   
   
    
     Some of the commitments may be covered by the exception for short-term and Iow-value leases and some 
     
     commitments may relate to arrangements that will not qualify as leases under FRS 116. 
     
    
   
  
 

